howdy there and have people his bow
again so
tonight we're gonna talk about mistakes
you know when a person makes mistake
a smart person
they tend to learn from
wise person trip somebody else's
mistakes but society
Texas wrote long time
to learn anything and in the meantime we
just double down because we don't
question
the war on drugs is a perfect example
if you think about it have millions of
years people's lives spent in a cage
trillions of dollars spent untold
amounts of resources expended to fight
some plans
and the plants are winning
we embrace a system
that encourages the worst instincts
humanity has greed
we cheer as
the planet is plundered
people in other countries are plundered
and well that's just the way it's got to
be because it's human nature
and we say that
greed is human nature without any hint
of irony
as our children sleep next 100-pound
dogs and we go and ride horses on the
weekend
because man was apparently the only
animal
incapable of change it's just human
think
and because of that we raise a political
system
that gives us the best of the worst as
leaders
those who are great at politics they
rise up through the ranks from the local
to the state level and eventually they
find their way to Washington DC where
they participate in an orgy of
corruption unlike anything we've ever
seen but it's just human nature
every once awhile
we get that Unicorn it shows up somebody
that isn't in it for themselves
that really cares about the people
what do we do with that unit we send it
to DC where it spends the rest of its
life
being corrupted slaughtered
or fighting a never-ending battle that
bears no fruit but we did our part we
voted
we did our part
we expect things to change
we look for hope and change
look for somebody to make America great
but we only send the people up there
that are in it for themselves or those
rare unicorns
I want no targets no I don't want to run
for office I don't believe that any
person living knows how to run my life
better than I do
and I know I'm not wise enough to run
your life
no part
you know
when people ask me about my ideology
what I think what I think we should be
working with words
and I tell him
eventually long after I'm dead
we should be hoping for it
a society without borders a society
without government than the Society of
just people living together doing no
harm
and they laugh because of human nature
again human nature won't allow that
eventually somebody in this stateless
society will carve out their own country
create a government to rule over other
people somebody else will do it
and eventually we'll be right back to
where we started the people that say
this always think that they've made a
great argument
but what that tells me is the deep down
they know the current system is wrong
because their strongest argument against
the idea of a stateless society is that
one day it might become what we have now
if that's the worry
what does that say about what we have
now
and people ask well how are we going to
achieve this how are we gonna do this
it's up to you
up to you didn't get e to hide lines
give you ideas but it's up to you if
somebody was to give you marching orders
well that would defeat the hope
you know I mean simply
we plant the seeds today for trees that
we will never sit under
yeah people always say think think
globally and act locally we think that
means recycling everything means
everything
but that's hard wires a lot of effort
requires a lot of fall wires action and
we've been conditioned to Rock the Vote
that that's what's important let our
betters decide how we should live our
lives
then we look
for the youth of today and they're
either angry or apathetic they're either
angry and trying to tear down societal
the worms or they just don't care of
course they'll of course they'll they
look at their future the future that
we've laid out for them and they see the
past there's nothing there's no
revolutionary idea there's nothing for
them to pursue
there'd to be a cog in the wheel hop on
the conveyor belt to let society mode
you know we live in a world where
technology is advancing so quickly most
of the problems that the world has can
be solved if we spent less time trying
to kill each other over flags or books
the device that you're watching this on
has the entire base of human knowledge
on it you can access anything a person
today can get a better education the
other fountain then what was possible a
hundred years ago with 12 years of
school but we still cling to these old
systems we don't revolutionize we don't
move with it we let the technology be
used to govern us control us rather than
using it to liberate ourselves
we have to move towards some kind of new
idea some kind of new promise for the
future generations or we are going to
leave them with nothing leave them with
growing inequality a polluted planet
constant war a surveillance state
this is what we offer our children
we can do that or we can lay the
groundwork so one day all people really
are created
and rather than fighting for the scraps
from those in powers table
we just have a really long table and
everybody's eating
it's outside a gas station
the this woman there she's in a minivan
and her kid in her car and the people at
the gas station are kind of trying to
chase her off in a little rude about it
I asked what was going on she said a hot
one it was a little change you would me
both
but that is the world we have
people living in their cars when we have
the resources for anything as long as we
cease to compete we start to cooperate
as long as we abandon
the idea of needing a rule no needle
carrier a leader
we have to make a change will we leave
nothing behind anyway it's just a fault
y'all have good night